#+STARTUP: indent showall                       -*- org -*-

* 1.2.0 - <2014-07-21 Mon>

** Feature: riemann_client_get_fd

This new function can be used to gain access to the socket file
descriptor used by the library. The intended use is for applications
to be set various TCP or socket options, such as TCP_CORK, from within
the application itself.

** Bugfix: The sample client hides empty metrics

The example riemann-client tool will not display empty metrics
anymore, and instead, will behave like the JSON output.

** Bugfix: riemann_event_create error handling

In riemann_event_create(), cache the result of riemann_event_set_va(),
and use that for the errno value in the error branch, instead of
trying to save errno, which the called function does not set.

** Bugfix: riemann_message_from_buffer error handling

In case serialisation fails, the function will now correctly set
errno, making the error discoverable.

** Bugfix: Use 127.0.0.1 during tests

Instead of using localhost (which could resolve to IPv6), use
127.0.0.1, the same IP address Riemann will listen on by default.

** Miscellaneous: Test coverage

The code underwent changes to simplify it, and the tests were extended
too, reaching 100% code coverage.

* 1.1.1 - <2014-01-23 Thu>

While the riemann-client tool had the code to return query results in
JSON format since 1.0.3, it was not correctly wired into the build
system, and was always disabled. This release corrects that issue.

* 1.1.0 - <2013-12-22 Sun>

The major feature of this release is the simplified API available in
the <riemann/simple.h> header. The new API is for use when the whole
message can be constructed in a single step, and losing some of the
flexibility the library provides is not a problem.

Apart from that, a few bugs were also fixed in this release, such as
receiving events will now always wait for the full event. The test
suite was also made completely optional.

* 1.0.3 - <2013-12-08 Sun>

Minor internal changes were made to the library, in the spirit of
future extensibility. There were no functional changes made, however.

The riemann-client tool did receive a lot more updates again, though,
and now has support for returning query results in JSON (if the
json-c library is installed when compiling the package).

* 1.0.2 - <2013-11-23 Sat>

The library has not been touched at all with this release, but the
riemann-client tool received some updates and a manual page.

* 1.0.1 - <2013-08-11 Sun>

This release is a minor enhancement over the initial 1.0.0 release,
containing only a few improvements to error handling, including a fix
for a resource leak on event creation and connection failure.

All of _free() functions should now behave similarly, and set errno
to EINVAL when passed a NULL pointer.

The source also comes with a way to easily extract code coverage
information too, simply by typing `make coverage`.

* 1.0.0 - <2013-06-28 Fri>

Initial public release.
